menu.png
page.png [show_icons=true] #file-menu-panel
page.png [show_icons=true] #menu_File-panel
pencil.png [show_icons=true] #edit-menu-panel
pencil.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Edit-panel
time.png [show_icons=true] #history-menu-panel
wrench.png [show_icons=true] #tools-menu-panel
wrench.png [show_icons=true] #tasksMenu-panel
magnifier.png [show_icons=true] #view-menu-panel
magnifier.png [show_icons=true] #menu_View-panel
bookmark.png [show_icons=true] #bookmarksMenu-panel
help.png [show_icons=true] #helpMenu-panel
help.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Help-panel
application.png [show_icons=true] #windowMenu-panel
lock.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Enigmail-panel
arrow-forward.png [show_icons=true] #goMenu-panel
arrow-forward.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Go-panel
email.png [show_icons=true] #messageMenu-panel
calendar.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Event_Task-panel
layout.png [show_icons=true] #insertMenu-panel
text.png [show_icons=true] #formatMenu-panel
cog.png [show_icons=true] #optionsMenu-panel