menu.png
page.png [show_icons=true] #file-menu
page.png [show_icons=true] #menu_File
pencil.png [show_icons=true] #edit-menu
pencil.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Edit
time.png [show_icons=true] #history-menu
wrench.png [show_icons=true] #tools-menu
wrench.png [show_icons=true] #tasksMenu
magnifier.png [show_icons=true] #view-menu
magnifier.png [show_icons=true] #menu_View
bookmark.png [show_icons=true] #bookmarksMenu
help.png [show_icons=true] #helpMenu
help.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Help
application.png [show_icons=true] #windowMenu
lock.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Enigmail
arrow-forward.png [show_icons=true] #goMenu
arrow-forward.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Go
email.png [show_icons=true] #messageMenu
calendar.png [show_icons=true] #menu_Event_Task
layout.png [show_icons=true] #insertMenu
text.png [show_icons=true] #formatMenu
cog.png [show_icons=true] #optionsMenu